 The Fox Princess. Hello, this is Janna and I'm here with one of our small stories. It's about a fox who can change shape. And although it's very much set in London, stories of shape shifting foxes originally come from career and the far east. A fox went to watch the changing of the guard. She poked her nose through the railings of the palace. A boy pointed and called out, Fox! The fox did not want a guard to spot her, so she turned into a princess. The guard opened the gate and bowed. Inside the palace, the red-headed princess gazed around. Everything was shiny and grand. Then she smelt something nice. She followed her nose to the kitchen. The cook looked up. What would you like, you highness? He asked. She replied, chicken wings and a saucer of warm milk. She went upstairs to a bedroom. A footman brought a plate of chicken wings and a saucer of warm milk. She ate every last bite and laptop the milk. After that, she went downstairs again. A young princely smiled at her. Let's play hide and seek. He said. She closed her eyes and counted to twenty. She opened them. She sniffed. And she found him hiding under the grand piano. They went out into the garden. The princelying closed his eyes and counted to twenty. The princess turned back into a fox and hid under the shed. The princelying surged. She looked behind the trees and inside the summer house. But he could not find her. Then the king's dogs came into the garden. The fox felt scared. She ran across the grass through the palace and out of the front gates. A guard shouted, forks. But she was gone. She went back to the park. And that was the small story of the fox princess, written by Bertie and read by me Janna. And please don't forget, if you support us financially via PayPal, Patreon or any other way, you can ask us for a first name shout out. And you can take part in our monthly writing competitions. See story nori for details. And now for me, Janna. Bye for now. I'm just a game or the world we are living in. You're so magical, while that heart, Princess of nowhere, Master of Art. You're so magical, seen and gone. Only upon our clingering on. You're so magical, changing your face. You're so magical, feel free, till figure. Leaving no trace, you're so magical, feel free. Princess of may be, who could you be?